[plugin-web-app-to-rest-api] Add step to validate redirects (#4344)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app-to-rest-api.adoc

|https://vividus.org/         |
|/test-automation-made-awesome|
----

=== Validate redirects

Check that all URLs from xref:ROOT:glossary.adoc#_examplestable[ExamplesTable] redirect to proper pages with correct redirects quantity. Validation fails if either actual final URL or actual number of URLs not match the defined values.

NOTE: The step throws the error in case if https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status[HTTP response status code] of checked URL outside of range 200-207.

[source,gherkin]
----
Then there are redirects with parameters: $expectedRedirects
----

. `$expectedRedirects` - The xref:ROOT:glossary.adoc#_examplestable[ExamplesTable] with redirect parameters containing the following columns:
** [subs=+quotes]`*startUrl*` - The url from which redirection begins.

> ** [subs=+quotes]`*endUrl*` - The expected url to which redirected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** [subs=+quotes]`*endUrl*` - The expected final URL to redirect to.
```

> ** [subs=+quotes]`*redirectsNumber*` - The expected quantity redirects between `startUrl` and `endUrl` (optional).

Reviewer: let's replace `quantity` -> `number` everywhere
